be quick but
um did you um first of all did you
actually have any um uh uh Association
or any comments on on the passing of
David Graber uh in the past year public
intellectual uh did you know him I
didn't I didn't know him personally but
I knew his work very well very important
figure did wonderful work
did wonderful work yeah he was a leader
in the Occupy Movement uh and he was uh
oh constantly talking about he was an
anthropologist but also it was one of
the big supporters of the
Kurdish
movement a scholarly work broke up in a
lot of areas of the richness and
achievements of
pre
what's called
increased our exercise meaning they
showed a lot of cultural wealth richness
and there's an anarchist these days
strong arguments to show that the
imposition of the state system
undermined lots of achievements that
have been made
very valuable work very valuable work
yeah and that was what one thing to
touch on is um you know uh he uh talked
a lot about
um kind of how our Notions of you know
efficiency and you know public uh you
know public good and private good are
are pretty Twisted so I wrote a great
book on jobs yeah
uh most of the work that's being done is
just kind of shuffling papers to keep
something happening get through it and
they could be really productive work
that people need so that's worth
thinking about when you
think about the alleged threat of
automation
I mean there's an awful lot of work
that's done just in managing systems
that isn't really necessary at all
I mean you can see it in the United
States one place where you see it
dramatically is if you go into a
hospital
um before you can you know you go into
the emergency room to try to do a number
of times and before you can even be
looked at you have to fill a lot of
paperwork out
you know is the insurance company going
to pay for it is there a smoke something
in the small print you didn't notice
that so you have to show I can pay for
it myself and on and on and if you walk
through the wards of it the best
hospitals in the country Mass General I
mean
go through the cancer award
uh there's a
at the center of the floor there's about
bunch of disks where about 20 people are
working on Administration yeah no
because
I mean in Canada you know in fact it was
a study by Harvard Medical School
comparing
the best hospital in the United States
Mass General with the best hospital in
Toronto and just comparing it in many
respects and one of the questions they
looked at when they went to the Toronto
Hospital as they asked where's the
billing department
but
the kind of blanks there finally
somebody said oh yeah there's an office
down in the basement for Americans who
come here we have to have a feeling in
the United States that's half the
hospital